not_in_both
alloascoidea hylecoeti
ambrosiozyma kashinagacola
ambrosiozyma maleeae
ambrosiozyma oregonensis
ambrosiozyma pseudovanderkliftii
ambrosiozyma vanderkliftii
arxula adeninivorans
ascoidea asiatica
ashbya aceri
blastobotrys raffinofermentans
brettanomyces anomalus
candida ascalaphidarum
candida auris
candida blattae
candida corydali
candida golubevii
candida heveicola
candida wancherniae
citeromyces hawaiiensis
cyberlindnera xylosilytica
danielozyma ontarioensis
deakozyma indianensis
diddensiella caesifluorescens
geotrichum candidum
hanseniaspora singularis
hanseniaspora vinae
kazachstania aerobia
kazachstania bromeliacearum
kazachstania intestinalis
kazachstania taianensis
kazachstania yakushimaensis
kloeckera hatyaiensis
kluyveromyces lactis
komagataella populi
kuraishia ogatae
lachancea dasiensis
lachancea fantastica
lachancea lanzarotensis
lachancea mirantina
lachancea nothofagi
lachancea quebecensis
metschnikowia bicuspidata
metschnikowia bowlesiae
metschnikowia dekortum
metschnikowia drakensbergensis
metschnikowia ipomoeae
metschnikowia kipukae
metschnikowia lockheadii
metschnikowia matae
metschnikowia matae maris
metschnikowia proteae
metschnikowia shivogae
nadsonia fulvescens var elongata
nakaseomyces bracarensis
nakaseomyces castellii
nakaseomyces nivariensis
nakazawaea peltata
ogataea parapolymorpha
ogataea philodendra
ogataea populiabae
saccharomyces arboricola
saccharomyces eubayanus
saccharomyces uvarum
saturnispora serradocipensis
saturnispora silvae
scheffersomyces lignosus
spathaspora arborariae
spathaspora girioi
spathaspora gorwiae
spathaspora hagerdaliae
sugiyamaella lignohabitans
tortispora caseinolytica
tortispora ganteri
tortispora starmeri
yarrowia bubula
yarrowia deformans
yarrowia divulgata
yarrowia keelungensis
yueomyces sinensis
